root@vm:~/lessons/final/task-02# kubectl get pods --all-namespaces -l last=final
NAMESPACE    NAME     READY   STATUS             RESTARTS        AGE
abdulaziz    nginx1   1/1     Running            0               18m
abdulaziz    nginx2   1/1     Running            0               18m
alisher      nginx1   1/1     Running            0               89s
asilbek      nginx1   1/1     Running            0               18m
asilbek      nginx2   1/1     Running            0               17m
asrorbek     nginx1   1/1     Running            0               22m
asrorbek     nginx2   1/1     Running            0               21m
azizbek      nginx1   1/1     Running            0               18m
azizbek      nginx2   1/1     Running            0               17m
bekhzod      nginx1   1/1     Running            0               7m35s
dilshod      nginx1   0/1     CrashLoopBackOff   6 (4m36s ago)   10m
dilshod      nginx2   0/1     CrashLoopBackOff   3 (34s ago)     89s
farhod       nginx1   1/1     Running            0               6m33s
farhod       nginx2   1/1     Running            0               6m18s
ismoil       nginx1   1/1     Running            0               15m
ismoil       nginx2   1/1     Running            0               15m
negmatov     nginx1   1/1     Running            0               17m
negmatov     nginx2   1/1     Running            0               17m
otabek       nginx1   1/1     Running            0               12m
otabek       nginx2   1/1     Running            0               12m
sirojiddin   nginx1   1/1     Running            0               18m
sirojiddin   nginx2   1/1     Running            0               16m
root@vm:~/lessons/final/task-02# touch label.txt